README.md, before:

# Sparky-v2

Hey there! 👋 This is Abhi's collection of low-fidelity mocks exploring how ads could naturally fit into shopping conversations with a digital assistant. Think of it as a sneak peek into how we can make product recommendations feel more like helpful suggestions from a knowledgeable friend!

## Overview

This project contains mockups and visualizations of different ad integration approaches in a conversational AI interface, demonstrating how advertising can be seamlessly integrated at various stages of the customer journey while maintaining a positive user experience.

## Pages and Features

### Home Page
- Central navigation hub to all mock pages
- Overview of the different customer journey stages
- Links to innovative ad format examples

### Customer Journey Stages
1. **Explore Stage**: Initial product discovery and exploration
2. **Learn Stage**: Detailed product information and comparisons
3. **Evaluate Stage**: Product evaluation with reviews and expert opinions
4. **Buy Stage**: Purchase flow integration within the chat
5. **Post-Transaction Stage**: Post-purchase support and additional offers

### Innovative Ad Formats
1. **Sponsored Followups**: Contextual sponsored follow-up suggestions
2. **Interactive Comparison**: Interactive product comparison experiences
3. **Conversational Brand Personas**: Brand personas with conversational capabilities
4. **Immersive Experiences**: Rich, immersive ad experiences within chat

## Project Structure

```
├── css/               # CSS stylesheets
│   └── styles.css     # Main stylesheet
├── js/                # JavaScript files
│   └── main.js        # Main JavaScript functionality
├── images/            # Image assets
├── index.html         # Home page
├── explore_stage_mock.html
├── learn_stage_mock.html
├── evaluate_stage_mock.html
├── buy_stage_mock.html
├── post_transaction_stage_mock.html
├── innovative_format_1_sponsored_followups.html
├── innovative_format_2_interactive_comparison.html
├── innovative_format_3_conversational_brand_personas.html
└── innovative_format_4_immersive_experiences.html
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/amekala/Sparky-v2.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd Sparky-v2
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the home page, or use a local development server.

## Deployment

This project is deployed on GitHub Pages at: [https://amekala.github.io/Sparky-v2/](https://amekala.github.io/Sparky-v2/)

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (ES6)
- GitHub Pages for hosting

## License

This project is for demonstration purposes only. All content is proprietary and not licensed for commercial use.

## Contact

For questions or feedback, please reach out to the project maintainer.

Commit message:

Update: Changed Demo to Mocks, added personal description, removed documentation section

README.md, after:

# Sparky-v2

Sparky is a demonstration of ad integration concepts in a conversational chat application. This project showcases various ad formats and integration techniques across different stages of the customer journey.

## Overview

This project contains mockups and visualizations of different ad integration approaches in a conversational AI interface, demonstrating how advertising can be seamlessly integrated at various stages of the customer journey while maintaining a positive user experience.

## Pages and Features

### Home Page
- Central navigation hub to all demo pages
- Overview of the different customer journey stages
- Links to innovative ad format examples
- Access to documentation

### Customer Journey Stages
1. **Explore Stage**: Initial product discovery and exploration
2. **Learn Stage**: Detailed product information and comparisons
3. **Evaluate Stage**: Product evaluation with reviews and expert opinions
4. **Buy Stage**: Purchase flow integration within the chat
5. **Post-Transaction Stage**: Post-purchase support and additional offers

### Innovative Ad Formats
1. **Sponsored Followups**: Contextual sponsored follow-up suggestions
2. **Interactive Comparison**: Interactive product comparison experiences
3. **Conversational Brand Personas**: Brand personas with conversational capabilities
4. **Immersive Experiences**: Rich, immersive ad experiences within chat

### Documentation
- **Innovative Ad Formats Overview**: Summary of innovative ad format concepts
- **Future Ad Formats Report**: Detailed report on future advertising formats

## Project Structure

```
├── css/               # CSS stylesheets
│   └── styles.css     # Main stylesheet
├── js/                # JavaScript files
│   └── main.js        # Main JavaScript functionality
├── images/            # Image assets
├── index.html         # Home page
├── explore_stage_mock.html
├── learn_stage_mock.html
├── evaluate_stage_mock.html
├── buy_stage_mock.html
├── post_transaction_stage_mock.html
├── innovative_format_1_sponsored_followups.html
├── innovative_format_2_interactive_comparison.html
├── innovative_format_3_conversational_brand_personas.html
├── innovative_format_4_immersive_experiences.html
├── innovative_ad_formats_overview.html
└── future_ad_formats_report.html
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/amekala/Sparky-v2.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd Sparky-v2
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the home page, or use a local development server.

## Deployment

This project is deployed on GitHub Pages at: [https://amekala.github.io/Sparky-v2/](https://amekala.github.io/Sparky-v2/)

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (ES6)
- GitHub Pages for hosting

## License

This project is for demonstration purposes only. All content is proprietary and not licensed for commercial use.

## Contact

For questions or feedback, please reach out to the project maintainer.
